
/* $Id$ */
            README: Wind River SBC8548 Evaluation Board

This file contains board-specific information for the Wind River SBC8548
target board.  Specifically, this file contains information on any BSP
interface changes from previous software or hardware versions, and
contains caveats that the user must be aware of before using this BSP.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 2.0/2

    Released from Wind River for Workbench 2.6, VxWorks 6.4

    Support the latest Wind River SBC8548 rev.2 board.
    Add CPU rev.2 update.
    Add TFFS support, using the SODIMM 64MB flash as the TFFS media.
    Add PCI Express support, tested using a Intel 8257x NIC.
    Modify SODIMM Flash base address to solve the static TLB issue.
    Modify SRIO to use m85xxCCSR driver.
    Modify auxClock and nvRam to get BSPVTS passed.

FCS Version 2.0/1

    Released from Wind River for Workbench 2.5, VxWorks 6.3

    ETSEC functionality has been added including checksum offload support and
    filer capability. The user should rebuild target/src/hwif for etsec.
    VXBUS infrastructure is now used for ETSEC (and SRIO, which has not been
    tested). These devices are configured via hwconf.c including the MII bus
    and PHY driver.
    There is backward compatibility with the END TSEC driver and can be
    configured if necessary but not for SRIO which requires vxBus to be included.

FCS Version 2.0/0

    Released from Wind River for Workbench 2.4, VxWorks 6.2

    SRIO not supported for this first release, waiting until silicon works with
    a JTAG workaround during reset.
    ETSEC - enhanced features such as checksum offload not supported until the
    next release. Only standard TSEC features supported for now.

    PCI Express not supported yet. MSI unsupported.

    This BSP will move to the VXBUS infrastructure for drivers in vxWorks 6.3
    which include rapidIO and ETSEC. There are already changes in the BSP to
    support this which may not make alot of sense at this time. This means
    anyone wanting the additional functionality should expect to migrate to
    vxWorks 6.3.

    L2 cache will require modification to support rev2 silicon.
    Expect this to be done in the vxWorks 6.3 verison of the BSP.

EAR Version 2.0/0

    Issues:

    Only Rev1.1 silicon supported

    VxWorks bootrom may not always run properly after power-on reset or HRESET.
    This is due to MPC8548 errata GEN3 which affects any silicon prior to rev
    2.0. Refer to the "Freescale Device Errata for the MPC8548E PowerQUICC III".

    SRIO:
    Has not yet been tested on SBC8548.
    Requires GEN6 pll workaround via JTAG. TIPC_SM/SM END is working.
    Require addition of smUtilLib.o to MACH_EXTRA - should be temporary.

    PCI-Express:
    Has not yet been tested on SBC8548.

    PCI2:
    Not supported. Only the single 64-bit PCI1 interface is available on the SBC8548.

    Security Engine:
    Partially tested security engine drivers for SEC2.0 may still be issues.
    Additional features SEC2.1 not supported in present drivers.

    Only support 1GHz Core 400Mhz DDR to reduce configuration/initialization
    issues.
